Changes to include Firefox (#8617)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/browser_tests/_index.md

## Test configuration

Define the configuration of your browser test.

1. **Starting URL**: The URL from which your browser test starts the scenario.
2. **Advanced Options** (optional): Set specific options to your browser test:
     * Headers: Define headers to add to or override the default browser headers. For example, set the User Agent in the header to [identify Datadog scripts][1].
     * Authentication: Authenticate through HTTP Basic Authentication with a username and a password.
     * Cookies: Define cookies to add to the default browser cookies. Set multiple cookies using the format `<COOKIE_NAME1>=<COOKIE_VALUE1>; <COOKIE_NAME2>=<COOKIE_VALUE2>`.

3. **Name**: The name of your browser test.
4. **Select your tags**: The tags attached to your browser test. Use the `<KEY>:<VALUE>` format to filter on a `<VALUE>` for a given `<KEY>` on the Synthetic tests page.
5. **Browsers & Devices**: The browsers (`Chrome`, `Firefox`) and devices (`Laptop Large`, `Tablet`, `Mobile Small`) to run your test on. 

> 6. **Locations**: The Datadog managed locations to run the test from. Many AWS locations from around the world are available. You can also set up [private locations][2] to run a your browser test from custom locations or from inside private networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **Locations**: The Datadog managed locations to run the test from. Many AWS locations from around the world are available. You can also set up [private locations][2] to run your browser test from custom locations or from inside private networks.
```

> 7. **How often should Datadog run the test?** Intervals are available between every 5 minutes to once per week. The 1 minute frequency is available [upon request][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. **How often should Datadog run the test?** Intervals are available between every five minutes to once per week. The one minute frequency is available [upon request][3].
```
